Many countries in today's society regard education as the country's top priority, especially in Western countries. As a national cause, education is like the wheels of society, playing an irreplaceable role. And social culture is the natural formation of a nation and country in the long-term historical development. This reflectionwill focus on the basic understanding of education, culture and society, and the relationship between education, culture and society.


Humanity could understand education in the narrow or the broad sense. In the broad sense, education refers to all activities that have a purposeful impact on people's physical and mental development. Education in the narrow sense specifically refers to school education, purposeful, planned, and systematic activities that affect people's physical and mental development.
Culture and society influence education. School subculture mainly includes two major categories, one is the educational content that educators choose deliberately, and it belongs to the formalized school subculture, The other is the social culture that exists in the school yet is not the educator's intentional pursuit, but it plays an educational influence which belongs to the informal school subculture. The development of culture makes the curriculum constantly enriched and updated, which is the most obvious aspect of the impact of culture on school education. The development of culture not only directly affects the quality and structure of educational content but also affects the methods, means and organizational forms of education. The deeper influence of the development of the means of conveying culture penetrated the school has caused the status and role of teachers in education to change. The deep-seated influence of culture infiltrating school education is the influence on the purpose of education (Allison-Burbank, 2016). For education, all cultural activities in society are mainly manifested in the following two aspects. Firstly, the development of social culture has increased people's demand for education and promoted the development and improvement of education. Education is always carried out under a certain social and cultural background, just like the principle of a rising tide, the improvement of the cultural level of the whole society will inevitably increase the demand for education. The second is that the development of social culture promotes the strengthening of the relationship between the school and the society. 
Just as culture and society are essential to education, education is also essential to culture and society. The first is that the continuation of culture only through materialized forms would not be working, and it is not enough. If there is no one who understands and knows how to use these material carriers, then these materials will become dead with neither the value of knowledge nor the value of use. Besides, culture also existing in the form of dematerialization, for example, it could exist in the form of psychology and behaviour. And the continuation of this part of the culture is inseparable from the cultivation of human beings. Therefore, education is a tool for creating and disseminating culture, which communicates the spiritual power of the human group and the spiritual power of everyone (Heaton, 2019). Another effect of education on culture and society is popularization. Education is an important means to improve the cultural level of the entire nation and an important part of the cultural construction of a country. People often use the level of education in a country as a measure of the country’s cultural development. Education also has the role of communication and integration of different types of cultures. This role exists between different regions, countries and ethnic groups (Heaton, 2019). In the process of increasing tolerance for various cultures, school education is an indispensable driving factor.
To a certain extent, what people need to pay attention to is that the content of a certain society’s culture is always a reflection of a certain society’s politics and economy. The culture contains rich creations of human labour and wisdom, and it has a direct effect on the individual recipients. 














From the moment the first expedition ship from Europe arrived, New Zealand society began to transition from a single cultural structure dominated by Maori culture to a dual cultural structure in which European and Maori culture coexisted. The long-term ethnic conflict has made people realize that the correct way to treat different cultures is to tolerate it rather than exclude or even eliminate it. After more than a century of running-in, European culture and Maori culture learned and blended and evolved a unique Aotearoa New Zealand culture. In recent years, with the arrival of immigrants from all over the world, especially Asian immigrants, New Zealand society is rapidly becoming diversified. There are more than 160 different languages spoken by New Zealanders every day according to a report by the Royal Society of New Zealand. Auckland is listed as one of the most diverse cities in the world. The diversity of New Zealand society has brought us many benefits. People who grow up in a diverse society are more tolerant and adaptable and can appreciate the charm of different cultures. In Auckland, people can find delicacies from various countries in the streets and alleys, and they can even see signs with various characters. Different forms of cultural and entertainment activities are held in turn on various occasions. The annual Chinese Lantern Festival and the Indian Diwali Lantern Festival attract tens of thousands of people and gradually become a repertoire popular with Aucklanders like the Queen Street Christmas Parade.
The 2018 Census results released by Statistics New Zealand show that Asians are the third largest ethnic group in Aotearoa, increasing from 11 percentage in 2013 to more than 15 percentage in 2018. Nowadays, many Asians have immigrated to Western countries and one of the main reasons is for their kids to have better education. The exam-oriented education in many Asian countries has overwhelmed children and affected their physical and mental health. More and more parents hope their children can grow up within a relaxed environment, they hope that immigrating to western countries will bring their children a better education and a brighter future.
Taking mainland China as an example, Chinese high school students all have the same goal which is to go to a better university. In this way, the curriculum and teaching can be more advanced for students. It can be said that ordinary high schools in mainland China implement education based on intellectual education. But after the 90s, with the polarization of society, the tendency of elite education and intellectual education first became more extreme, and education became much more unbalanced. The wealthy class enjoy all kinds of educational opportunities including going abroad, while the educational resources for the disadvantaged groups and rural population have become scarce. The fairness of education has become a heavy issue in China. Secondary schools in New Zealand are called comprehensive secondary schools. Unlike high schools in China, comprehensive middle schools have arduous tasks, in addition to academic education, part of the vocational education function must also be undertaken by the school to train practitioners for all walks of life in society. In junior high school, children started discovering their hobbies, potentials, and specialties. In high school,  scholastic type students are preparing for their university, some children who have no interest in academics may be interested in a certain industry or occupation. High schools in China adopt a class system in which curriculums for all grades, students are uniformly regulated and identical. Students form into a fixed class and go to class together, each class is equipped with a headteacher for strict management (Sofo, Berzins, & Colapinto, 2008). However, the class system is not flexible which greatly restricts the free development of students. Young people with extraordinary potential are tied up and lack the space to play freely and stand out. As a result, these talents are model based, their individuality cannot be displayed and promoted. Secondary schools in New Zealand use the credit system. The school offers many courses, generally divided into compulsory and elective. Educational institutions only stipulate the required credits, and students can choose courses in which they are interested. Outstanding students can complete their high school courses early and start university courses through various means.
In general, the different educational concepts bringing many ethnic minorities have come to Aotearoa New Zealand. At the same time, they have also brought their minority cultures to New Zealand, helping the culture and society of this land become more diversified.








As mentioned in the previous section, eastern and western educational philosophies are very different. These different educational concepts make different personal values, beliefs and identity. There is a concept of hierarchy under the education background in the east, most people discriminate against manual labor in terms of salary and social status. Parents want their children to go to university regardless of their children's potential. Excessive utilitarian considerations often run counter to children's hobbies and potentials. Western society is more able to view different professions in society with a more ordinary mind. Blue-collar wages in many industries in New Zealand are much higher than white-collar workers. What western education attracts the Asian people's attention and praises most is the emphasis on and cultivation of students' creativity, which most of eastern education only values book knowledge. The pattern of eastern education is one-size-fits-all, ideologically restricts freedom and suppresses individuality, telling rather than thinking, exploratory teaching method and makes the students trained to follow the rules, pass the test but without creativity (Kim, 2021). The democratic and free social environment and the flexibility of education in the west give students full freedom, making them dare to challenge authority and break new paths. What students can acquire is not only academic knowledge but also practical skills, survival skills, interpersonal communication, community and citizenship, teamwork spirit and leadership skills, etc. However, basic academic education in the west is indeed weak. Creativity is inseparable from basic knowledge and basic skills as well as students' accomplishments in mathematics and science.  In many cases, creativity is destined to be a fantasy. The academic foundation and accomplishment are by no means an overnight effort, they must be accumulated bit by bit over the years. In a sense, it can be said that western education is focused on the people of society, while eastern focus on employment. With this kind of educational philosophy that New Zealand has nurtured many young singers, like Lorde, Benee and Kimbra. They all discovered that they love music at a very young age and began to write and sing songs with the identity of singers, so their name has been heard by the world in their 20s.
On the other hand, real western societies have different requirements for education quality and there are wide differences between classes. In the pursuit of higher quality of teaching, many children from upper-class families choose to go to private schools, but the offspring of the bottom of society are left behind, and it is increasingly difficult to change their destiny through education. In the east, after decades of popularization and development of education, due to the rapid widening of the gap between the rich and the poor in society, the fairness of education has also been seriously challenged. 
Every human being should have a chance to have a quality education. The realization of the right to education is not only a problem of poor countries but also a problem of Western industrialized countries. In particular, the education status of disadvantaged groups has become a measure of social civilization and humane progress. For privately funded elite education not to exclude other children from poor social strata, nor to allow them to be discriminated against, it needs a sound national system that can organize fair education in a social organization. In the early 70s, the Brazilian educator Paulo Freire discovered in a campaign aimed at improving illiteracy that if people cannot use what they learn to improve their living conditions, they will lose this ability again. Therefore, education must enable people to reach a certain level and it must help them to improve their living status firstly, otherwise, people will give up this need for education. The purpose of education is to promote democracy. It is the task of every country to make human beings’ right to education and the requirements of being a peaceful and non-discriminatory international society. Therefore, adults must realize and are motivated to learn for life. The core manifestation of human rights in education is to promote people's autonomy so that they can take the initiative and control their lives. Everyone has the right to education. On this basis, it will bring about the overall development of personality, learn to respect and value human rights and fundamental freedoms.









The last part will talk about the relationship between the commercialization of education and culture and society from the perspective of business.
Commercialization of education refers to run education by using business models. In most Asian countries, students are having heavy employment pressure, they hope to get a better education, while educational institutions and related educators need to get more economic benefits and reputation (Shafiq-ur-Rehman, Gill, Khan, & Karim, 2014). At the same time, the social economy of Asian countries is constantly developing, science and technology are improving fast, and the family economy has been improved. Parents have enough ability to bring their children to study in tutoring institutions after school (Roy, 2017). Besides, for getting more economic benefits and improve the school’s reputation, the school strives to obtain more excellent students in terms of student resources and carry out various related training businesses (Shafiq-ur-Rehman, Gill, Khan, & Karim, 2014). The commercialization model of the education industry has emerged under this background. However, if you look farther and enter a developing area, the children there even do not have the basic teaching environment and scarce teaching facilities, some children are not able to go to school because they cannot afford the tuition. In developed areas, schools are divided into national prominence, province prominent and city prominent schools, and in school, the students are divided into competition classes, experimental classes, key classes, and ordinary classes according to their academic progress or entrance scores (Rosen, 2004). These injustices will become more obvious as the economic gap is constantly expanding.
Just as the above analysis of the education industry, most of them are working through after school educational institutions. These places offer more learning opportunities for students, while also keeping children away from social places where are infected with unhealthy trends. Students spend more time in contact with knowledge, which helps parents who are too busy with their work. What is more, the education industry not only brings benefits to children and parents but is also beneficial to educational sponsors. It can increase their income and indirectly promote social development.  Everything has advantages and disadvantages. This is the inevitable law of the development of things. The side effects brought about by the commercialization of the education industry are mainly reflected in the increase in the financial burden for some families and the time and energy occupied by supplementary lessons have a certain impact on the normal school hours of students (Barr, 2014). Even some students have a psychological dependence on tutoring institutions, which leads to not taking classes seriously. However, the commercialization of education has become an inevitable business model in many Asian countries. It is not only an important manifestation of parents' respect for teachers but also an inevitable product of education development to a certain stage (M. V. Strihul, 2018). While bringing more educational opportunities, it also brings a series of negative effects. Therefore, the commercialization of education not only relies on the government and schools but also on the parents to reduce the negative impact.

In summary, the interaction between education and culture is the point where education communicates with society and individuals and the transition of educational activities from macro to micro, and it is also the point where education communicates with different societies in the past and future.
 
Bibliography
Heaton, A. (2019). Combatting racism to create a better Australia: The potential of the national cross-curriculum priority of teaching Aboriginal histories and cultures. Australian Aboriginal Studies, 41-50.
Allison-Burbank, J. (2016). Historical Influences on Health Care and Education in Native American Communities. Perspectives of the ASHA Special Interest Groups, 81-86.
Kim, E.-J. (2021). Changes in North Korea's higher education and education management system during the Kim Jong Un Era. Asia Pacific Journal of Education, 281-298.
Roy, P. (2017). Commercialisation of Higher Education in India: The Thriving Issues and Its Judicial Reparation. Indian Journal of Law and Justice, 173-187.
Shafiq-ur-Rehman, Gill, S. A., Khan, N., & Karim, J. (2014). Implications of Commercialization of Higher Education in China. European Journal of Educational Sciences, 374-380.
M. V. Strihul, H. А. (2018). Economism and commercialization as manifestation of the globalization of higher education. Granì, 72-77.
Barr, S. B. (2014). Bridging the valley of death: lessons learned from 14 years of commercialization of technology education. IEEE Engineering Management Review, 13-34.
Rosen, S. (2004). The Victory of Materialism: Aspirations to Join China's Urban Moneyed Classes and the Commercialization of Education. The China Journal, 27-51.
Sofo, F., Berzins, M., & Colapinto, C. (2008). Thinking Styles of Australian, Chinese and Italian University Students. International Journal of Diversity in Organisations, Communities & Nations, 221-231.
